Add 16.4 release notes (#10304)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes/> for the official Chef release notes.

# What's New in 16.4

## Resource Updates

### chef_client_systemd_timer

> The `chef_client_systemd_timer` has been updated to prevent failures running the `:remove` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `chef_client_systemd_timer` resource has been updated to prevent failures running the `:remove` action.
```

Reviewer: I feel like this might be missing a word, instead of `failures`, something like `failed runs`?

### openssl resource

The various openssl_* resources were refactored to better report the changed state of the resource to Automate or other handlers.

### osx_profile

> The `osx_profile` has been refactored as a custom resource internally. This update also better reports the changed state of the resource to Automate or other handlers and no longer silently continues if the attempts to shellout fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `osx_profile` resource has been refactored as a custom resource internally. This update also better reports the changed state of the resource to Automate or other handlers and no longer silently continues if the attempts to shellout fail.
```

### powershell_package_source

> The `powershell_package_source` resource no longer requires the `url` property to be set when using the `:unregister` action. Thanks for this fix [@kimbernator](https://github.com/kimbernator)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `powershell_package_source` resource no longer requires the `url` property to be set when using the `:unregister` action. Thanks for this fix [@kimbernator](https://github.com/kimbernator)!
```

### powershell_script

The `powershell_script` resource has been refactored to better report the changed state of the resource to Automate or other handlers.

### windows_feature

> The `windows_feature` resource has been updated to allow installing features that have been removed if a source location is provided. Thanks for for reporting this [@stefanwb](https://github.com/stefanwb)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `windows_feature` resource has been updated to allow installing features that have been removed if a source location is provided. Thanks for reporting this [@stefanwb](https://github.com/stefanwb)!
```

### windows_font

> The `windows_font` resource will no longer fail if a font has already been installed on newer releases of Windows. Thanks for reporting this [@bmiller08](https://github.com/bmiller08)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `windows_font` resource will no longer fail on newer releases of Windows if a font is already installed. Thanks for reporting this [@bmiller08](https://github.com/bmiller08)!
```

nitpick, but this one read a bit awkwardly to me.

> The `windows_font` resource will no longer fail if a font has already been installed on newer releases of Windows. Thanks for for reporting this [@bmiller08](https://github.com/bmiller08)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `windows_font` resource will no longer fail if a font has already been installed on newer releases of Windows. Thanks for reporting this [@bmiller08](https://github.com/bmiller08)!
```

### windows_workgroup

The `windows_workgroup` resource has been updated to treat the `password` property as a sensitive property. The value of the `password` property will no longer be shown in logs or handlers.

## Security

### CA Root Certificates

The included `cacerts` bundle in Chef Infra Client has been updated to the 7-22-2020 release. This new release removes 4 legacy root certificates and adds 4 additional root certificates.

### Reduced Dependencies

> We've audited the included dependencies that we ship with Chef Infra Client to reduce the 3rd party code we ship. We've removed many of the embededded binaries that shipped with the client in the past, but we not directly used. We've also reduced the feature set built into many of the libraries we depend on, and removed several Ruby gem dependencies that were no longer necessary. This reduces the future potential for CVEs in the product and reduces package size at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've audited the included dependencies that we ship with Chef Infra Client to reduce the 3rd party code we ship. We've removed many of the embededded binaries that shipped with the client in the past, but were not directly used. We've also reduced the feature set built into many of the libraries that we depend on, and removed several Ruby gem dependencies that were no longer necessary. This reduces the future potential for CVEs in the product and reduces package size at the same time.
```

> We've audited the included dependencies that we ship with Chef Infra Client to reduce the 3rd party code we ship. We've removed many of the embededded binaries that shipped with the client in the past, but were not directly used. We've also reduced the feature set built into many of the libraries that we depend on, and removed several Ruby gem dependencies that were no longer necessary. This reduces the future potential for CVEs in the product and reduces package size at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've audited the included dependencies that we ship with Chef Infra Client to reduce the 3rd party code we ship. We've removed many of the embedded binaries that shipped with the client in the past, but were not directly used. We've also reduced the feature set built into many of the libraries that we depend on, and removed several Ruby gem dependencies that were no longer necessary. This reduces the future potential for CVEs in the product and reduces package size at the same time.
```
